I just created an agent that auto builds
cinematic responsive websites from
scratch. You drop in your current
website, it analyzes your brand's color
palette, your company's details, and
designs a new website for [music] you.
Using this, I was able to build more
than 10 different cinematic websites in
a matter of minutes. So, whether you're
using CloudCode, Open Claw, or another
Agentyc platform entirely, by the end of
this video, you'll learn exactly how it
works and how you can replicate it for
your own setup. And if you're new here,
my name is Jay. I spent over a decade
working with brands you probably know,
have been in AI since my master's in
data science, and now I run our AI
solutions practice in one of the largest
AI communities globally. Let's get
started.
>> [music]
>> So, just to give you some examples of
what this agent created for us, it
transformed this website into this with
a pizza looking delicious in the
background. And if I scroll down, it
even has an accordion piece in here to
show the different menu options. It gave
it this website for a flower shop,
turned it into this website where as you
scroll, it forms this image of a flower,
and even this responsive page where your
mouse just becomes photos of flowers
that they have. It also created this
landing page for Monos, which I think is
really cool. This page for a shoe
cleaning service here in Sydney, even
making the section on how it works
really interactive and responsive. You
also have this landing page for a
brewing company that also shows the
brand story in their colors. This one is
for a local cupcake shop here in Sydney,
and you can see it just how good that
animation is, especially for people who
are scrolling through these websites.
You have one here for a jewelry company,
letting you just browse their different
categories in here. Another one for a
chocolate company, and this is an
example for a watch company. So, that
looks quite nice along with that
responsiveness as you scroll down the
page. This one turned out really well,
where you can see it's for a perfume
brand where if you scroll down, it just
shows that perfume bottle exploding into
flowers, which is looking really nice.
And of course, it was able to get from
their original website and the brand
story as well, including a few keywords
in here. This one is for a ramen shop,
and then when you click explore the
menu, we'll also navigate to the menu
that they have. And this one is for a
demo website for Room Craft, which is an
IKEA service that basically gives you
complete room designs delivered and
assembled. So, this scrolling animation
right here where it unpacks the boxes
and brings out the whole bedroom, all
the furniture, that encapsulates this
service perfectly. So, there you go. All
of this was made by this agent, and I'll
be taking you through it today. Now,
this agent kit, which we are calling
Cinematic Sites, we originally built
this for our community. So, if you're
watching this and you're part of the
community, then remember that you can
just grab this whole agent kit in the
classroom. But if you want to learn how
this works yourself so that you can set
it up from scratch, then don't worry
because that is exactly what we'll be
doing in this video. And just to give
you an overview, this agent kit, the one
that runs it, is this skill.md. And this
agent skill is simply a markdown file,
which is basically an instruction manual
for your agent to follow through the
four steps that it will do in order to
make these cinematic sites
automatically. And those four steps are
as follows, where when you give your
agent a website to copy, what it will
basically do is analyze that brand to
give you the brand colors, the brand
palette. It will generate the scene,
which it uses to make the website more
cinematic. And when we talk about the
cinematic scene, basically it's this
hero video where it shows product in
action as you scroll through the page.
And then it builds out the website
itself using all of the HTML knowledge
that it had during the brand analysis
part, and then it deploys it for you so
that immediately you have a website that
is accessible anywhere using this tool
called Vercel. And like I mentioned
earlier, you can do this on Open Claw,
on CloudCode, or whatever Agentyc
platform you're using. For what I'll
demo now, I'll do it via this Telegram
agent, which is actually connected to
CloudCode, so it's not Open Claw. And if
you're curious how I do this, it's
basically a long-running session that I
have over at my terminal, and I just
connect CloudCode using the new Telegram
Channels feature. So, I'll link that
tutorial somewhere in this video. But
you can see for this agent, we do have
this Cinematic Sites skill and agent kit
already installed, which means that if
we give it a website to improve, then
it'll be able to run through this
process with us. Now, real quick, we
just released the Agentyc AI Masterclass
for our members at RoboNuggets, which
takes you from zero to mastery when
working with agents. There's a link to
the community in the pinned comment
below. We've got founders in there who
landed their first client in weeks, live
build sessions where we create this
stuff together, and the actual templates
behind what I showed in this video. The
community is also the reason these
lessons get made, so see that below if
that's for you. And for this demo, what
I'll do is improve the website of this
restaurant called Ichiraku Canteen.
They're basically a ramen restaurant
here in Sydney, and you can see their
current website doesn't really have
anything in it. It's just a reservation
page. So, they're a good candidate for
this service. And so, what I will do is
to just give the current website of
Ichiraku and just say, "All right, can
you use the Cinematic Sites skill in
order to improve this website? Also, for
this specific run, go through the steps
one by one so that we can observe you
running it for this demo." And I just
sent that part of the prompt so that we
can observe it, but obviously, if you
are running this in the background, then
you can just have it run through all of
the steps automatically. And over here,
you can see that it is now conducting
that brand analysis, and it's extracting
the brand colors, the brand palette, and
just overall crafting a brand for us
using the information that it has. And
if you're curious how it does that,
basically it's all just written in this
skill.md, that just basically provides
the instructions for the agent on what
to extract, a couple of methodologies on
how to do that, and by the end, it gives
a pause point for the user because maybe
you would want to approve the brand card
first before you continue. So, when it's
completed that, you can see it created
this brand card for me, put it in this
HTML page, and I just asked it to open
it for me, and this is what it looks
like. So, this is just a staging step so
that you can approve if this is up to
spec. So, what's good is it was able to
capture the industry, the color palette,
and even the typography. It made sure to
include some Japanese characters in
there, which I think is a nice touch.
And if I go and scroll down, it even
gave you a headline, gives you a
tagline, a suggested hero line, and an
overall theme direction. So, I think
this is a nice visual way for you to
just approve the branding of this
website and gives you a proper pause
point in order to make the output of
this the best that it can be. And for
this step one, you actually don't need
any external tools. You do have the
option to use Firecrawl, but since
Agentyc platforms like CloudCode or
Antigravity or even Open Claw can read
HTML files, then if you provide the
website that you want to extract these
components for, they will be able to do
a pretty good job with it. But when
we're okay with that, we can just
continue to step two. Where now what it
will do is it just go ahead and create
those scenes for us. Now, by default,
this skill allows your agent to suggest
three high-quality ideas, and of course,
you can have more, or you can also just
let it go do its thing and select for
you. But you can see here that for step
two, it gave me some options for the
hero animation. So, this is pretty cool
that it even gave us emojis to guide
that. So, one is steam rising, a single
bowl of tonkotsu ramen on a dark wooden
counter. So, that sounds good. There's
also this option of, I guess, the ramen
pouring, an overhead angle, rich golden
broth being poured slowly into a dark
ceramic bowl. Or this third option, the
wide shot of an empty ramen bar counter.
I think we'll either do number one or
number two. So, what we can actually do,
"Hey, so I think number one and number
two are looking really good. I do want
to feature a ramen that is shrimp-based,
though. So, let's try that. And can you
generate those images for me before we
animate them into videos?" And with that
command, what it is now doing is it
generate both images using Nano Banana.
And similarly, if you're curious how to
set that up, it's all just written in
this skill file as well. So, if we go to
step two, scene generation, here is
where we instructed it to suggest three
concepts, and then to generate an image,
we gave it this code to call on Google's
APIs, which is how it accesses Nano
Banana. And then later on, when we get
those images, we will be animating them
via Kling 3.0. Now, the reason why we're
using Google's APIs by default here is
because for each Gmail account that you
have, they actually give you a $300
welcome credit, which lasts you a long
time, especially if you're just using
their Nano Banana or ViO models. So,
when you set up this skill for the first
time, that will also show you where to
find your API keys that you can just
provide your agent so that they're also
able to tap into the Nano Banana models
directly. Now, if you're curious how to
develop this yourself and how to give
your agent the skill to actually use
Nano Banana, then what you can do is to
just provide your agent with this link,
which is just all the documentation that
Google has regarding Nano Banana, and
your agent will scour this page in order
to find the right commands to use Nano
Banana, Nano Banana 2, or Nano Banana
Pro. So, if you want to replicate what I
did, then this would be your master
page. And you don't need to go through
third-party resellers like Higgsfield or
Freepik for the same models. And you can
see here that both images generated and
opened. So, I just asked our agent to
put them on the generation tab, and that
tab is just here in our command center.
So, if you go to the generations tab,
you can see here it's basically a Google
Flow Studio or Higgsfield equivalent
where I just connected my CloudCode to
this so that whenever I need to generate
images or videos, I'll be able to
display them visually here. I can also
download them or if I click on it, that
copies the path so that it's much easier
to provide to our agents. But all right,
so for our ramen shop, basically you can
see here that it created these two
images, which is both looking quite
good, but I think the one that we will
go for would be this one because I can
just imagine this in the website to be
looking really good. So, what we'll do
now is I'll just copy that,
give that to our agent, and I'll say,
"Hey, this one look really good. I think
it's ready for animation. What I want
you to do is animate it so that the um
ingredients settle into the ramen bowl,
and then the camera zooms in to the
ramen to show the rich flavor of it."
And for this one, let's actually try for
it to do two videos just so that there's
more optionality because with a lot of
these models, the more volume that you
do, the sort of higher chances of
winning that you have, and it's just a
probabilistic nature of these. So, you
can see that what it is doing now is to
use Kling to animate that shrimp ramen,
and that will basically happen just in
the background. So, you can see it's
generating the scenes now. But if you're
curious how that happens, going back to
the skill once again, you can see that
how the agent is accessing Kling is
through this website called Wave Speed.
And Wave Speed is basically an AI model
aggregator, sort of like Higgsfield or
Freepik, but the difference is you don't
need to pay like a monthly subscription
to access these models. And apart from
that, they also have a lot more models
in place in here. So, you can see if you
just go and explore, you have the prime
models here like Nano Banana, Sea Dream,
etc., and also Kling. There's other
websites like File.ai or Key.ai, but I
think in terms of reliability, Wave
Speed has been pretty good. So, we are
using them as well. But, you have the
optionality to use the others. In any
case, so if you want to set this up by
yourself, all you need to do is to find
the model that you are after. At least
for this build, what we are using is
Kling V3 image-to-video. And for our
agent, what it's basically doing is
calling on this model, uploading the
images that it just created using Nano
Banana using Google's free credit. And
also, it writes the prompt here. And
then, it runs it to give us back that
video. Now, if you want to equip your
agent with the knowledge to understand
how this works, all you need to do with
a lot of these websites like Wave Speed,
key.ai, is that you just need to copy
the content here. And let's say you want
to give that to your Cloud Code agent,
if you copy that over, that will just
provide all of the documentation around
Kling 3.0 Pro. So, that is basically
what I did in order to give it that
capability. So that you don't need to
type in your prompts and go to these
websites like Google Flow Studio and
other creative website equivalents. And
so, you can see here in the skill, we
just standardize that and also give a
bit more control so that it knows
exactly what it is that it needs to do.
All right, so I think it's done with
scene generation. And you can see it's
saying here that those two videos are
now in our generations tab. This one
looked pretty cool.
And this one,
I think this one's better because
there's a bit of a camera zoom effect in
there. But for some reason, I think the
camera is shaky on this one. So, I'll
probably actually just use this because
it's a bit more consistent. So, let's
copy the path of that and I'll say,
"Okay, this is the final video. Can you
now go to step three and build out our
website?" And once we send that, you can
see that it is now building that website
for us. And just to show you under the
hood what specifically this skill is
invoking so that you understand how the
agent is doing this. You can see under
this step, there's rules around the
architecture of the websites that it's
building. A lot of controls around the
design system. And essentially, what
this is doing is it's codifying that
effect. Where let's say you have that
video, it will extract the individual
frames of this video and map it to this
scrolling action. So that it gives that
effect that as you scroll down, it runs
through the frames for you. And so, that
whole thing has been codified in this
skill already. The other thing that is
part of this skill is this cinematic
modules integration. And so, if I scroll
down here, you can see this particular
site actually turned out well where it
has this accordion elements in here,
right? Which is really responsive,
really professional. And the reason why
it was able to do that is because of
this cinematic modules pack that we
created in Robo Labs as well. Now, this
one because it is quite hard to
recreate, we are giving it away for
free. So, you can just grab that in the
description below. But this just gives
you a lot of modular elements to enrich
any website build that you have for your
agents. So, there's this one with a
reveal text effect, modular components
around future scrolling. This one has
that kinetic text effect that you saw
earlier, typewritten text effects,
glitch effects like this one, image
trails like the one that you saw here,
flip cards that are pretty useful, I
guess, for testimonials and such. That
flower animation that you saw earlier is
basically just an SVG draw animation.
And several others in here that I think
is going to help you a lot when you're
coming up with website designs of your
own. And there's 30 plus of these
cinematic modules, by the way. So, feel
free to grab that below if that helps.
But here, you can see that the website
is now done. So, it gave us this landing
page. And you can see this is really
good. So, you have the Japanese branding
in there. And if we scroll down, that
should animate the bowl nicely for us.
So, that looked really well. And this
scrolling animation that was coming from
our cinematic modules as well. So, it
even included some Japanese characters
in here. Let's actually translate that
just to make sure that it's not putting
something weird. So, it says, "There is
a story in every cup." So, I think that
is pretty cool. And it even has the
story, the menu, and so on. And it was
even able to grab the address as well as
the opening hours for us. So, that is
really nice. And you can see this is
probably interactive. Yep, there you go.
So, if I scroll down to the menu, to the
our story, and visit, then that is all
part of the website now. Pretty much in
one shot. And of course, you can improve
this further, right? So, let's say,
"Hey, so I actually want to add a
section below or at least have the menu
use the accordion module because I think
that is a nice way to display the ramen
bowls. Can you do that?" And when I send
that to the agent, it will understand
what I'm saying because remember, in
that skill, it gives it access to these
cinematic modules. And the one that I'm
talking about is this accordion slider.
Where if you look at this as a sample,
that is the one where if I hover over
each image, it expands. And there is
even an option to have a vertical
variant. And here, you can see that it
is now doing that. And when it's done
with that, we can check back on our
site. And here, if we scroll down, you
should now see the accordion fully built
in in there. And this looks really good
and definitely more professional than
what we started with. So now, if we head
to step four, this will be a simple
matter for our agent because what it is
going to do is to just deploy that to
Vercel. And basically, Vercel is a
service that hosts websites for you. And
they actually do this for free, which is
really good. And for you to equip your
agent with this knowledge, all you need
to do, once again, is to give your agent
the documentation for Vercel and they'll
be able to do exactly what it did here.
And so, here you can see that it is now
live at this website and you can send
that to your client as a demo site that
people can visit and also provide some
feedback on.
So, that's looking really good. And just
to recap, we went from this, which is
practically not even a website, it's
just a booking form, into this, which
has a cinematic background, a much more
rich experience for the users of this
website, and is definitely more premium
versus how we started. And there you
have it. That is the full agent pipeline
where you give it a website, it analyzes
the brand, generates the scenes, builds
the website, and even deploys it online.
Now, if you need the 31 module cinematic
pack, that's available free for everyone
just in our network. So, you can grab
that. And for this full cinematic
websites kit that runs the end-to-end
pipeline, you can get that inside the
Robo Nuggets community. I hope that was
helpful. And if it is, then consider
subscribing because that helps us a lot
to put out more educational content like
this. And if you want to understand
further how I'm running Cloud Code as a
24/7 AI assistant, then you can watch
this video next. I'll see you guys next
time. Thank you.